# Brainstorm
- Ancient history depicts Ophidius as a noble adventurer, once a prince who declined his seat at the throne, leaving it to his younger sister [[Peria]] after the death of their mother, [[Peitra]]. Their father, [[Maurelius]], died  9 years earlier when a curse was bestowed on him from a relic brought back from a war, a clever assassination trap by an opposing kingdom. 
- He discovered an ruined temple that depicted stories of a way mortal beings could pierce some planar veil and be granted power. This tomb, now dubbed the [[Cradle of Ophidius]], has never been found again. 
- Ophidius took what he saw in that temple kept it in the back of his mind as he continued his travels. ~~Some call him the Father of Paladins, because never before did someone do things for a "Higher" being/purpose, but~~ Ophidius tried his best to travel all across the world, throughout time, many exerts have been discovered that tell of encounters with him. It's unknown when Ophidius ascended, but eventually physical encounters with held much more power. Ophidius's influence began to increase as his power had increased. Ophidius a massed a following not through evangelization, but through genuine lead by example influence. He founded his own settlement, then town, then city, then kingdom. Prosperity and alliance were major goals of his, as he tried to share his growing kingdom with many of his neighbors. Eventually, his kingdom and allies spanned much of the continent in a great treaty nation known as the [[Golden Kingdom]] . Some time at his height, Ophidius bestowed his knowledge to individuals close to him, known as the ~~Pillars~~, with many going on to become gods themselves. it's believed 8 individuals were let known, with 6 achieving the power. 1 was killed before they could reach their height, and another refused to pursue the power as they saw it as a corruption that lead to all of the issues recent in the kingdom and world. 1 would found the ~~betrayer god~~ (That name is already taken lol.)